To get started, open a log file, or capture streaming log data using one of the data source dialogs.

To highlight important lines in the log data you need to create highlighting patterns. Right click this button to open the highlighting patterns editor. Left clicking this button will enable or disable highlighting.

You can filter unwanted lines from the log data using filter patterns. Right click this button to open the filtering patterns editor. Left clicking this button will enable or disable filtering.

Transforms can be used to rearrange the text or make text substitutions, a handy feature for replacing error codes with descriptive error messages. Right click this button to open the transforms pattern editor, left click to enable or disable transforms.

Actions allow a program or script to run when a line in the log data is double clicked. A pattern is used to trigger specific actions based on the contents of the line, for example, a text editor can be launched for lines containing file paths. Right click this button to open the actions pattern editor, left click to enable or disable actions.

Left click this button to enable or disable "watching" mode. When enabled, RyLogViewer watches for changes to the log file or data source and automatically updates the display whenever there are changes.

This bar shows where the currently displayed portion of the log data is within the log file or captured log data. It also shows the positions of bookmarks and selected lines. The darker shade of blue shows region currently visible, the lighter shade of blue shows the portion of log data loaded into memory.

This is the pattern editor used to create highlighting patterns. The pattern editor is identical for filters and actions, and very similar for transforms.

This area contains the existing patterns. You can edit an individual pattern by clicking the pencil icon. The order can be changed by dragging rows (click and drag in the leftmost column). Patterns can be deleted by selecting rows and pressing the delete key.

These controls are used to save and load sets of patterns. Pattern sets are a convenient way to store groups of patterns used for a particular log data format.

This covers the basics of RyLogViewer. More detailed information can be found in the main documentation found here.